when in doubt with these errors refresh because hot reloading
and native modules don't always mix. Mix well.
Um cool. So we have got a home icon
here but obviously it's way too big and it's a
weird color. So human, they're here from tab
icon, we have access to what color we should
use and what size so we can actually pass these
through. So let's do color and we should probably
d structure them. So color and size. Who
passed in color and size. So now when we
move between the tab, it actually noticed that it
has an active and inactive state. So this is
what comes from the color. So when I go
to home it's blue and if I go away from
home it's great. She's pretty handy. Now let's
do the same. So for the exercise basically we're
going to do the same with the other two icons
. History and analytics. So to do this,
let's copy. So this is the list. So
this is where the history tab as Communist spg and
then go to our icons. Let's create a const
history tab and react Fc same icon props because they're
in the same file is actually quite handy to have
the same props as well use for all of them
. So we know what to expect and that's return
this spG. So we want the same default values
as well. Right now we need to convert these
so we already have SPG imported and we would have
path imported then circle is a new one but it
is a valid SVG element. So all we need
to do is imported from react native SVG. Yeah
. Mhm And the last thing you want to do
is also passing the size and the color so we'll
do on the S P G. We'll do with
it size, height, size and color collapse.
Of course call it history to have. For some
reason I'm in history icon and export this as well
. And let's do the same for the analytics icon
. So export const and then the ticks I can't
Yeah. See icon pops a little bit turn this
spg so the students same defenses before S. P
. D. And capital as a path and we'll
also pass in whip size and height size and of
course the color. Mhm. Now who go back
to the bottom tabs in our type icon we can
add the rest. So if roots name is history
. That's a return mr B icon. Some reason
TypeScript isn't catching up so let's import it manually and
if route dot name yes, analytics let's return the
analytics icon. Okay. And because it's such good
we need to have it's good to have a default
here. So let's just do return null. If
none of these if for example you added a new
tab. Cool. Let me just reload this.
Yeah. So in the history I can't we use
fill for the color rather than fill so if we
change this to fill and change this to fill.
Uh it works Excellent. So now we have three
tabs and all the work and they change color.
So these are like the default color. So you
get direct navigation but obviously you can customize this and
use your own colors. So let's go to screen
options. So I added some default colors for us
to use. Yes, I added two new colors
to our to add to our theme. So we
got a blue and gray. So if we open
our theme, you can add these two colors here
and going back to bottom tabs to hear just before
screen options. So it's part of this object.
We'll do tab bar. Mhm. Active color.
Active tint color. It's very memorable. It's too
theme dot um I think it was blue and then
tab bar inactive tint color will be the other color
we added just great color. Great. And this
is handy because now this is set at the screen
option level. So we don't need to worry about
what color it is. We know it comes,
gets passed into this function. And the last thing
we want to do is we don't actually want to
show the names of these tabs because we have the
icons and they are handy enough. So we have
a property which I think is called tap pass show
label and we set this to false. Then the
label will disappear. And the last thing we want
to do is we so by default these tab titles
, they will be whatever the tab itself is called
. So we could update these titles to either display
something that you pass into the screen as a property
or like another hard coded value that's different from the
actual name of the tab. And the way you
do that is each of the screens also have an
options property. So we've got options and this can
either be a function. Then you get some metadata
about the roots and navigation or in our case we
don't care about that. We just want an object
and school title today's mood. Now you can see
it hot updates and it shows up here and we
can do the same for history. So we go
into history. Let's do options and title past minutes
. And for the analytics let's do options, title
, fancy breaths.